Rich adults, Minde grassroots really have a house
This month
We only sold half of what we normally do.
But made three times as much money from disaster victims
That's responsibility.
They don't want to starve to death.
You have to honestly spend money on hooks
But the rich generation
His Royal Highness the Crown Prince holds a banquet and invites all Liangshan to attend the banquet
I'm afraid it's hard to find a good feast for Mother Yan
Don't worry about the prince or the prince
No right to fart
You are working for my teacher Yan Xiang
Does he dare to touch you?
Yes, yes, no one in this world knows
In this situation, it is the face that has the final say
His Royal Highness
Your banquet
Those who were healed in the capital all found excuses to refuse
No way
Dare to refuse the prince's invitation
Who gave them the guts?
The slave inquired about it.
They say
If the capital's governor, Lord Yin Liang, and the largest Liang merchant
If Xu Zhi doesn't let go
They really dare not
So it seems
In their eyes, only spiritual care and Xu Zhi
At that time, I, the prince, was not taken seriously by them
Your Highness
These Jincheng Fuyin two are students of Yan Song
Come to think of it, if there was no Yan Song
Be their backer
Give them ten guts
I'm afraid I don't dare to offend His Highness
Okay, then I'll kiss it myself.
Xiaofei comes with me